This is a basic cli program that scrapes finance.yahoo.com for stock data. It uses the requests and BeautifulSoup libraries to scrape the data. The user can input a stock symbol and the program will return the current price of the stock. The user can also input a stock symbol and a date and the program will return the closing price of the stock on that date. The user can also input a stock symbol and a date range and the program will return the closing prices of the stock for that date range. The user can also input a stock symbol and a date range and the program will return the average closing price of the stock for that date range. The user can also input a stock symbol and a date range and the program will return the highest closing price of the stock for that date range. The user can also input a stock symbol and a date range and the program will return the lowest closing price of the stock for that date range. The user can also input a stock symbol and a date range and the program will return the closing prices of the stock for that date range in a graph. The user can also input a stock symbol and a date range and the program will return the average closing price of the stock for that date range in a graph. The user can also input a stock symbol and a date range and the program will return the highest closing price of the stock for that date range in a graph. The user can also input a stock symbol and a date range and the program will return the lowest closing price of the stock for that date range in a graph. The user can also input a stock symbol and a date range and the program will return the closing prices of the stock for that date range in a table. The user can also input a stock symbol and a date range and the program will return the average closing price of the stock for that date range in a table. The user can also input a stock symbol and a date range and the program will return the highest closing price of the stock for that date range in a table. The user can also input a stock symbol and a date range and the program will return the lowest closing price of the stock for that date range in a table. The user can also input a stock symbol and a date range and the program will return the closing prices of the stock for that date range in a csv file. The user can also input a stock symbol and a date range and the program will return the average closing price of the stock for that date range in a csv file. The user can also input a
time range for stock information. 

The format is as follows:
```
python stock_scraper.py [stock_symbol] [date] [date_range] [time_range]
```
